treat items in queues as implicit tasks; queues to be list separated type (#5312)
cylc/cylc-flow: CHANGES.md

ones in. -->

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## __cylc-8.1.1 (<span actions:bind='release-date'>Coming Soon</span>)__

### Fixes

> [#5312](https://github.com/cylc/cylc-flow/pull/5312) - Force queues to be
> comma separated lists only. Tasks listed in queues will be treated as implicit
> in the same way as tasks in listed in runtime.

Reviewer: I think this description is a bit misleading. Is this more accurate?:
```suggestion
[#5312](https://github.com/cylc/cylc-flow/pull/5312) - task names must be comma-separated in queue member lists. Any implicit tasks (i.e. with no task definition under runtime) assigned to a queue will generate a warning.
```
(Taking into account the suggestion below not to fail implicit tasks assigned to a queue).
